supercross live on supercross online.com
kevin Barnett down here on track walk
with team Honda muscle milk's Trey
Canard and Trey a lot of people have
been putting out there what's wrong with
Trey Canard in the last few weeks I kind
of think about it what's right with Trey
Canard I mean where do you fall on that
aspect positive or negative by the last
few races I think you can take it as a
negative you know but i think you know
in the whole grand scheme of things you
gotta look at it as a positive i think
you know people tend to forget that i
missed a whole year and a half of racing
and and that didn't come back overnight
so i'm just looking to make those little
gains and hopefully you know be back up
there were those guys by the end of the
series and hopefully can kind of just
have some good rides you know I'd like
to have a good night here in st. Louis
but one that will happen if not we'll
we'll keep putting her head down and
moving forward well you know it's your
fault you made people forget by coming
out of the gate so well and how did that
change your own internal expectations um
for sure you know because the first
round you're like all right I'm just
gonna go see where I stand and it was a
great night and it was what kind of hard
to follow that up you know just coming
right back in the series but I mean
that's okay i think that was a good race
and i think that the fact that there was
no expectations helped a lot but you
know like i said it's a it's an ongoing
process and i got to just keep my head
right and not listen to all that the
other voices so we'll see what we can do
here tonight and hopefully we can have
some fun how do you do that how do you
keep your head right who do you lean on
or what do you fall back on when you're
not having the exact results you want
still good results but where do you go
for that support I think for me it's all
about you know where do you find your
identity you know if you find your
identity and the results and you're up
for roller coaster ride you know you get
have a bad week you're going to be in a
bad place you have a good week and have
an extra good place so for me finding my
identity and and and sending other than
racing is you know in Christ and I think
that's a big thing but you know I think
in all that helps me see a little bit
even-keeled to where I can not have
extreme highs and lows and can keep
moving forward and and focus on what I'm
doing and not so much what everyone's
saying
alright I wondered thinking about this
season and up and down results how much
of its due to Ronnie Mac and his
presence Ronnie you know Ronnie affects
me a lot you know he comes into my house
and and you know leave trash everywhere
and pills out on my driveway and now
he's crazy but now Ronnie he's a mess I
don't know what to do you know other
question I had for you for a long time
is ok i play the MX video games as a fan
I enjoy playing them Trey Canard in the
game he's dirty but you're not dirty out
here I mean how do you feel about him
ruining your reputation I don't know
I've never played him so hopefully
hopefully he's keeping it in check but
you know I think that you know people
say that about Shorty and you know
sometimes myself is that we are nice
guys and have a smile on the face for
the helmet goes on it's you know all
about what what we've got to do and i
think is a racer that's important you
know that you're out there in a battle
you know to try to fight to win the race
you know you're out there for the
surprise so you know that's that's kind
of how i try to look at it but hopefully
Trey canards not too t-bone anyone or
anything